README.md, before:

# Kantek

![](https://i.sitischu.com/kantek_main_smol_256.png)


Kantek is a userbot written in Python using Telethon.

## A word of warning

Kantek is mostly built to help with the Administration of chats and is the main source for [SpamWat.ch](https://spamwat.ch) and used for automatically banning pajeets across [the Pins team Community Network][network-faq]
Because of that it checks every message your account receives for blacklisted items, this includes strings, domains, top level domains, files, images and telegram entities. This means that for every message your account receives Kantek might make multiple http requests an resolve multiple telegram entities. The latter might lead to large (6+ hours) Floodwaits from Telegram.

[network-faq]: https://en.handbooksbythepins.gq/community-hub/faq/community-network/telegram

If you want to use Kantek without the administration part, simply remove the `plugins/autobahn` folder to disable these features.

## Requirements

Python 3.6+ is required to run the bot.
ArangoDB 3.5+ is used to store bot data.

## How to self-host?

- Copy the example config file to `config.json`
- Create a user and a Database in ArangoDB. Give the user full permissions to the Database. The config defaults to the user and database name to `kantek` can be changed with [db_username](#db_username) and [db_name](#db_name) respectively. 
- Put the Authentication data into the config file.
- Run bot.py

## Configuration Reference

### api_id

Get it from http://my.telegram.org/

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| Yes      | int  | `-`       |

### api_hash

Get it from http://my.telegram.org/

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| Yes      | str  | `-`       |

### db_username

| Required | Type | Default |
| -------- | ---- | ------- |
| No       | str  | kantek  |  

### db_name

| Required | Type | Default |
| -------- | ---- | ------- |
| No       | str  | kantek  |

### db_password

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| Yes      | str  | `-`       |

### db_host

| Required | Type | Default                |
| -------- | ---- | ---------------------- |
| No       | str  | http://127.0.0.1:8529  |

### log_bot_token

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| Yes      | str  | `-`       |

### log_channel_id

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| Yes      | int  | `-`       |

### gban_group

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| No       | int  | `-`       |

### cmd_prefix

If a valid regex character is used it has to be escaped. 
For example to use `\` as prefix you would have to put `\\\\` into the config.  

| Required | Type | Default |
| -------- | ---- | ------- |
| No       | str  | `.`     |

### help_prefix

The prefix that is used in the help commands examples. This does not need to be regex escaped.

| Required | Type | Default |
| -------- | ---- | ------- |
| No       | str  | `.`     |

### session_name

| Required | Type | Default            |
| -------- | ---- | ------------------ |
| No       | str  | kantek-session     |

### spamwatch_host

| Required | Type | Default                  |
| -------- | ---- | ------------------------ |
| No       | str  | `https://api.spamwat.ch` |

### spamwatch_token

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| No       | str  | `-`       |

### debug_mode

Useful for local development. Disabled actually banning a user in groups and reporting messages when using gban.

| Required | Type  | Default |
| -------- | ----- | ------- |
| No       | bool  | `False` |

### source_url

Used in .kantek and .update

| Required | Type | Default       |
| -------- | ---- | ------------- |
| No       | str  | `src.kv2.dev` |

Commit message:

[repo] Updated the gitignore
In this commit, we can prevent pajeets from commiting their journal files.

Signed-off-by: Andrei Jiroh Eugenio Halili <andreijiroh@madebythepins.tk>

README.md, after:

# Kantek

![](https://i.sitischu.com/kantek_main_smol_256.png)


Kantek is a userbot written in Python using Telethon.

## A word of warning

Kantek is mostly built to help with the Administration of chats and is the main source for [SpamWat.ch](https://spamwat.ch) and used for automatically banning pajeets across [the Pins team Community Network][network-faq]
Because of that it checks every message your account receives for blacklisted items, this includes strings, domains, top level domains, files, images and telegram entities. This means that for every message your account receives Kantek might make multiple http requests an resolve multiple telegram entities. The latter might lead to large (6+ hours) Floodwaits from Telegram.

[network-faq]: https://en.handbooksbythepins.gq/community-hub/faq/community-network/telegram

If you want to use Kantek without the administration part, simply remove the `plugins/autobahn` folder to disable these features.

## Requirements

Python 3.6+ is required to run the bot.
ArangoDB 3.5+ is used to store bot data.

## How to self-host?

- Copy the example config file to `config.json`
- Create a user and a Database in ArangoDB. Give the user full permissions to the Database. The config defaults to the user and database name to `kantek` can be changed with [db_username](#db_username) and [db_name](#db_name) respectively. 
- Put the Authentication data into the config file.
- Run bot.py

## Configuration Reference

### api_id

Get it from <http://my.telegram.org/apps>

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| Yes      | int  | `-`       |

### api_hash

Get it from <http://my.telegram.org/apps>

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| Yes      | str  | `-`       |

### db_username

Change this if you don't use the default one.

| Required | Type | Default |
| -------- | ---- | ------- |
| No       | str  | kantek  |  

### db_name

| Required | Type | Default |
| -------- | ---- | ------- |
| No       | str  | kantek  |

### db_password

The DB user password needed to store userbot data.

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| Yes      | str  | `-`       |

### db_host

The ArangoDB host for your instance, fallbacks to the localhost at port `8529`.

| Required | Type | Default                |
| -------- | ---- | ---------------------- |
| No       | str  | <http://127.0.0.1:8529>  |

### log_bot_token

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| Yes      | str  | `-`       |

### log_channel_id

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| Yes      | int  | `-`       |

### gban_group

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| No       | int  | `-`       |

### cmd_prefix

If a valid regex character is used it has to be escaped. 
For example to use `\` as prefix you would have to put `\\\\` into the config.  

| Required | Type | Default |
| -------- | ---- | ------- |
| No       | str  | `.`     |

### help_prefix

The prefix that is used in the help commands examples. This does not need to be regex escaped.

| Required | Type | Default |
| -------- | ---- | ------- |
| No       | str  | `.`     |

### session_name

| Required | Type | Default            |
| -------- | ---- | ------------------ |
| No       | str  | kantek-session     |

### spamwatch_host

Change if you self-host your own SpamWatch API server.

| Required | Type | Default                  |
| -------- | ---- | ------------------------ |
| No       | str  | `https://api.spamwat.ch` |

### spamwatch_token

Not needed if you don't use the API. To enable SpamWatch API integration,
an API key is needed. If you use the default one, contact [Simon Schürrle][sitichu-tg] privately in Telegram to get one. Requires Admin or Root to submit bans to the API.

[sitichu-tg]: https://t.me/SitiSchu

| Required | Type | Default   |
| -------- | ---- | --------- |
| No       | str  | `-`       |

### debug_mode

Useful for local development. Disabled actually banning a user in groups and reporting messages when using gban.

| Required | Type  | Default |
| -------- | ----- | ------- |
| No       | bool  | `False` |

### source_url

Used in both `.kantek` and `.update` commands.

| Required | Type | Default       |
| -------- | ---- | ------------- |
| No       | str  | `https://github.com/MadeByThePinsHub/kantek` |
